Implement ZStandard Stream, Encoder, Decoder (#119575)
dotnet/runtime: src/native/external/zstd-version.txt

> Zstandard v1.5.7
> Commit: f8745da6ff1ad1e7bab384bd1f9d742439278e99
> URL: https://github.com/facebook/zstd/releases/tag/v1.5.7
> 
> This is the Zstandard v1.5.7 library, released on February 19, 2024. 
> The source code was downloaded from the official GitHub repository and extracted.
> Only the 'lib' and 'build' directories from the original source were included to minimize unnecessary code.
> 
> Following patches were applied on top of the 1.5.7 sources:
> - zstd.patch - fixes build issues of CLR on Windows by suppressing enabling of ASM language by CMAKE. zstd contains ASM sources only for Linux
> - zstd-qsort.patch -  based on commit a1a5154b69ddc23cd610e931ee9c6f45884fa9dd to address build issues on Android platform. This patch, together with ZSTD_USE_C90_QSORT define can be removed once we upgrade to 1.5.8.

Reviewer: nit: we are using this format in other version files:
```suggestion
v1.5.7
https://github.com/facebook/zstd/releases/tag/v1.5.7

Only the 'lib' and 'build' directories from the original source were included to minimize unnecessary code.

Apply https://github.com/facebook/zstd/commit/0d1f8de9addeb2fcb53f1a6a68ef4ac505253c0e
Apply https://github.com/facebook/zstd/commit/ebfa660b8297170fb0742ac8959aa64940292853
Apply src/native/external/zstd.patch # fixes build issues of CLR on Windows by suppressing enabling of ASM language by CMAKE. zstd contains ASM sources only for Linux
```

We should upstream zstd.patch and put a link here.

Author: Upstreaming is in progress, will update once merged

v1.5.7
https://github.com/facebook/zstd/releases/tag/v1.5.7

> Only the 'lib' and 'build' directories from the original source were included to minimize unnecessary code.

Reviewer 2: Care to add a checklist for taking updates?  It should mention which commands to run, which additional files to update, frequency, source location, validation critieria, etc.
